vello_sparse_shaders: Add binary to generate WebGL shaders locally for easier inspection (#1598)
linebender/vello: sparse_strips/vello_sparse_shaders/README.md

This crate provides the WGSL programs and build step for GLSL programs that are used by the
optimized hybrid rendering engine.

Whenever the WGSL shaders are updated, the build script will automatically take care of
regenerating the GLSL programs. However, in addition to that, a snapshot of the shaders is
also stored in the `generated_glsl` folder, which is not updated automatically. Before opening

> a PR, you will have to update them. Please use the following command for doing so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
also stored in the `generated_glsl` folder, which is not updated automatically. If your PR
edits a shader, you will have to update the snapshots. Please use the following command 
for doing so:
```
